Process combos earlier & overlapping combos (#8591)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_combo.md

Additionally, in your `config.h`, you'll need to specify the number of combos that you'll be using, by adding `#define COMBO_COUNT 1` (replacing 1 with the number that you're using).
<!-- At this time, this is necessary -->

> Then, your `keymap.c` file, you'll need to define a sequence of keys, terminated with `COMBO_END`, and a structure to list the combination of keys, and it's resulting action.

Reviewer: This kinda goes beyond the committed changes but while we're editing the combo docs, we may as well correct that sentence. It should be 
« Then, **in** your `keymap.c` file, you'll need define a sequence of keys, terminated with `COMBO_END`, and a structure to list the combinations of keys, and **its** resulting action. » 
(bolded text emphasizes additions/modifications, they shouldn't be added to the docs)

This will send "Escape" if you hit the A and B keys.

As of [PR#8591](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/8591/), it is possible to fire combos from ModTap keys and LayerTap keys. So in the above example you could have keys `LSFT_T(KC_A)` and `LT(_LAYER, KC_B)` and it would work.

It is also now possible to overlap combos. Before, with the example below both combos would activate when all three keys were pressed. Now only the three key combo will activate.

```c
const uint16_t PROGMEM test_combo1[] = {LSFT_T(KC_A), LT(_LAYER, KC_B), COMBO_END};
const uint16_t PROGMEM test_combo2[] = {LSFT_T(KC_A), LT(_LAYER, KC_B), KC_C, COMBO_END};
combo_t key_combos[COMBO_COUNT] = {
    COMBO(test_combo1, KC_ESC)
    COMBO(test_combo2, KC_TAB)
};
```

> !> This method currently only supports [basic keycodes](keycodes_basic.md). See the examples for more control.

Author: It isn't actually. Even though combos can be triggered from advanced keycodes, they still can resolve only to basic keycodes.
I've modified it a bit to be more clear what is meant.

```c
enum combos {
  AB_ESC,
  JK_TAB,
  QW_SFT,
  SD_LAYER,
};

const uint16_t PROGMEM ab_combo[] = {KC_A, KC_B, COMBO_END};
const uint16_t PROGMEM jk_combo[] = {KC_J, KC_K, COMBO_END};
const uint16_t PROGMEM qw_combo[] = {KC_Q, KC_W, COMBO_END};
const uint16_t PROGMEM sd_combo[] = {KC_S, KC_D, COMBO_END};

combo_t key_combos[COMBO_COUNT] = {
  [AB_ESC] = COMBO(ab_combo, KC_ESC),
  [JK_TAB] = COMBO(jk_combo, KC_TAB),
  [QW_SFT] = COMBO(qw_combo, KC_LSFT)
  [SD_LAYER] = COMBO(layer_combo, MO(_LAYER)),
};
```

For a more complicated implementation, you can use the `process_combo_event` function to add custom handling.

> Additionally this example shows how you can leave `COMBO_COUNT` undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, this example shows how you can leave `COMBO_COUNT` undefined.
```

const uint16_t PROGMEM jk_combo[] = {KC_J, KC_K, COMBO_END};
const uint16_t PROGMEM qw_combo[] = {KC_Q, KC_W, COMBO_END};
const uint16_t PROGMEM sd_combo[] = {KC_S, KC_D, COMBO_END};

combo_t key_combos[COMBO_COUNT] = {
  [AB_ESC] = COMBO(ab_combo, KC_ESC),
  [JK_TAB] = COMBO(jk_combo, KC_TAB),
  [QW_SFT] = COMBO(qw_combo, KC_LSFT)
  [SD_LAYER] = COMBO(layer_combo, MO(_LAYER)),
};
```

For a more complicated implementation, you can use the `process_combo_event` function to add custom handling.
Additionally, this example shows how you can leave `COMBO_COUNT` undefined.

```c
enum combo_events {
  TH_THE,
  BSPC_LSFT_CLEAR,
  COMBO_LENGTH
};
uint16_t COMBO_LEN = COMBO_LENGTH; // remove the COMBO_COUNT define and use this instead!

const uint16_t PROGMEM the_combo[] = {KC_BSPC, KC_T, COMBO_END};
const uint16_t PROGMEM clear_line_combo[] = {KC_BSPC, KC_LSFT, COMBO_END};

combo_t key_combos[] = {
  [TH_THE] = COMBO_ACTION(the_combo),
  [BSPC_LSFT_CLEAR] = COMBO_ACTION(clear_line_combo),
};
/* COMBO_ACTION(x) is same as COMBO(x, KC_NO) */

void process_combo_event(uint16_t combo_index, bool pressed) {
  switch(combo_index) {
    case TH_THE:
      if (pressed) {

>         SEND_STRING("the");

Reviewer: Activating this combo while <kbd>Shift</kbd> (non-sticky/one-shot) is on would produce "THE" which is not what people would expect/desire. That said, I don't think the answer is to complicate the example code with modifier detection in order to solve the special case I've mentioned.

Instead, I suggest to replace `TH_THE` by `EM_EMAIL`; a combo triggered by <kbd>E</kbd> and <kbd>M</kbd> that calls `SEND_STRING("john.doe@example.com");`. 
It still showcases the use of `SEND_STRING` but removes the need for modifier handling because who needs to capitalize their email address?

      }
      break;
    case BSPC_LSFT_CLEAR:
      if (pressed) {
        tap_code16(KC_END);
        tap_code16(S(KC_HOME));
        tap_code16(KC_BSPC);
      }
      break;
  }
}
```

> This will send "the" if you hit Backspace and T, and clear the current line with Backspace and Left-Shift. But you could change this to do stuff like play sounds or change settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will send "john.doe@example.com" if you chord E and M together, and clear the current line with Backspace and Left-Shift. You could change this to do stuff like play sounds or change settings.
```

> It is worth noting that `COMBO_ACTION`s are not needed anymore. As of [PR#8591](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/8591/) it is possible to run your own custom keycodes from combos. Just define the custom keycode, it's functionality in `process_record_user`, and define a combo with `COMBO(<key_array>, <your_custom_keycode>)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth noting that `COMBO_ACTION`s are not needed anymore. As of [PR#8591](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/8591/), it is possible to run your own custom keycodes from combos. Just define the custom keycode, program its functionality in `process_record_user`, and define a combo with `COMBO(<key_array>, <your_custom_keycode>)`.
```

## Buffer and state sizes
If you're using long combos, or you have a lot of overlapping combos, you may run into issues with this, as the buffers may not be large enough to accommodate what you're doing. In this case, you can configure the sizes of the buffers used. Be aware, larger combo sizes and larger buffers will increase memory usage!

To configure the amount of keys a combo can be composed of, change the following:

| Keys | Define to be set                  |
|------|-----------------------------------|
| 6    | `#define EXTRA_SHORT_COMBOS`      |
| 8    | QMK Default                       |
| 16   | `#define EXTRA_LONG_COMBOS`       |
| 32   | `#define EXTRA_EXTRA_LONG_COMBOS` |

Defining `EXTRA_SHORT_COMBOS` combines a combo's internal state into just one byte. This can, in some cases, save some memory. If it doesn't, no point using it. If you do, you also have to make sure you don't define combos with more than 6 keys.

Processing combos has two buffers, one for the key presses, another for the combos being activated. Use the following options to configure the sizes of these buffers:

> | Define                              | Default                                              |
> | `#define COMBO_KEY_BUFFER_LENGTH 8` | 8 (the key amount `(EXTRA_)EXTRA_LONG_COMBOS` gives) |
> | `#define COMBO_BUFFER_LENGTH 4`     | 4                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Define                              | Default                                              |
|-------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| `#define COMBO_KEY_BUFFER_LENGTH 8` | 8 (the key amount `(EXTRA_)EXTRA_LONG_COMBOS` gives) |
| `#define COMBO_BUFFER_LENGTH 4`     | 4                                                    |
```

```c
enum combo_events {
  EM_EMAIL,
  BSPC_LSFT_CLEAR,
  COMBO_LENGTH
};
uint16_t COMBO_LEN = COMBO_LENGTH; // remove the COMBO_COUNT define and use this instead!

> const uint16_t PROGMEM email_combo[] = {KC_BSPC, KC_T, COMBO_END};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const uint16_t PROGMEM email_combo[] = {KC_E, KC_M, COMBO_END};
```

Author: Such small change and I still miss something... :sweat_smile:

        tap_code16(LCTL(KC_V));
      }
      break;
    case SD_LAYER:
      /* until more advanced keycodes are supported, layer changing combos need to be handled manually. */
      if (pressed) {
        layer_on(_LAYER);
      } else {
        layer_off(_LAYER);
      }
      break;
  }
}
```

This will send Ctrl+C if you hit Z and C, Ctrl+V if you hit X and V, and changel layer to `_LAYER` when you hold down S and D.  But you could change this to do stuff like play sounds or change settings.

# Advanced Configuration

> These configuration settings can be set in your keymaps `config.h`. 

Reviewer: « in your keymap's `config.h`. » or « in your `config.h` file. » would be better.

#### Keycodes 
You can enable, disable and toggle the Combo feature on the fly.  This is useful if you need to disable them temporarily, such as for a game. The following keycodes are avalible for use in your `keymap.c`

|Keycode   |Description                      |
|----------|---------------------------------|
|`CMB_ON`  |Turns on Combo feature           |
|`CMB_OFF` |Turns off Combo feature          |
|`CMB_TOG` |Toggles Combo feature on and off |

#### Combo Term
By default, the timeout for the Combos to be recognized is set to 50ms. This can be changed if accidental combo misfires are happening or if you're having difficulties pressing keys at the same time. For instance `#define COMBO_TERM 40` would set the time out period for combos to 40ms.

#### Long Combos

> If you're using long combos or longer combos, you may run into issues with this, as the structure may not be large enough to accommodate what you're doing. In this case, you can configure the size of the data structure used. Be aware, larger combo sizes will increase memory usage!

Reviewer: « long combos or longer combos » : it feels like some words are missing. I suggest keeping the same wording as on the actual (i.e. the one in `qmk:master`) combo docs page.
« If you're using long combos or longer combos, » → « If you're using long combos, or even longer combos, »

| Keys | Define to be set     |
|------|----------------------|
| 8    | QMK Default          |
| 16   | `#define EXTRA_LONG_COMBOS`  |
| 32   | `#define EXTRA_EXTRA_LONG_COMBOS`|

#### Modifier Combos
If a combo resolves to a Modifier, the window for processing the combo can be extended independent from normal combos. By default this is disabled but can be enabled with `#define COMBO_MUST_HOLD_MODS`, and the time window can be configured with `#define COMBO_MOD_TERM 150` (default: 200). With `COMBO_MUST_HOLD_MODS` you cannot tap the combo any more which makes the combo less prone to misfires.

#### Permissive Hold
Similar to Tap-Hold configuration, Mod Combos can be setup to behave similarly. Add `#define COMBO_PERMISSIVE_HOLD` to your `config.h` to enable. This feature is extremely useful for fast typists as you don't have to wait for the Mod Combo's combo term to finish.

> If `COMBO_TERM` and `COMBO_MOD_TERM` are too close to each other this settings becomes less useful as this only affects if a key is pressed between `COMBO_TERM` and `COMBO_MOD_TERM`. All key presses under `COMBO_TERM` are always considered for overlapping combos.

Reviewer: There's an extra 's' at the end of "this settings" and I can suggest replacing "affects if" by "takes effect if". To affect is generally followed by what it is being affected but here, what follows, is the condition in which it all *takes effect*.

| Config Flag                 | Function                                                  | Description                                                                                          |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `COMBO_MUST_HOLD_PER_COMBO` | bool get_combo_must_hold(uint16_t index, combo_t \*combo) | Controls if a given combo should fire immediately on tap or if it needs to be held. (default: False) |
| `COMBO_TERM_PER_COMBO`      | uint16_t get_combo_term(uint16_t index, combo_t \*combo)  | Optional per-combo timeout window. (default: COMBO_TERM)                                             |

If you set either of the options but like the Modifier Combo settings, you have to define those yourself in the function.

Examples:
```c
uint16_t get_combo_term(uint16_t index, combo_t *combo) {
    // decide by combo->keycode

>     if (IS_MOD(combo->keycode)) return COMBO_MOD_TERM; // you have to config this yourself ifdef COMBO_TERM_PER_COMBO

Reviewer: Is the « ifdef COMBO_TERM_PER_COMBO » supposed to be in the comment? Or is in the sense of " you have to configure this yourself if you're using COMBO_TERM_PER_COMBO "?

Author: Yeah it was just that. :P I changed it so no one gets confused by it.

    switch (combo->keycode) {
        case KC_X:
            return 50;
    }

    // or with combo index, i.e. its name from enum.
    switch (index) {
        case COMBO_NAME_HERE:
            return 9001;
    }

    return COMBO_TERM;
}

bool get_combo_must_hold(uint16_t index, combo_t *combo) {
    // yet again, with keycode and true for Modifiers if so desired.
    if (IS_MOD(combo->keycode)) return true;

    // or index/name
    switch (index) {
        case COMBO_NAME_HERE:
            return true;
    }

    return false;
}
```

#### Variable Length Combos

> If `COMBO_VARIABLE_LEN` is defined allows the user to pragmatically declare the size of the Combo data structure and avoid updating COMBO_COUNT. Instead a variable is exported called COMBO_LEN and is usually set with something similar to the following in `keymap.c`: `int COMBO_LEN = sizeof(key_combos) / sizeof(key_combos[0]);`

Reviewer: « If `COMBO_VARIABLE_LEN` is defined allows the user to » → « If `COMBO_VARIABLE_LEN` is defined, it allows the user to ».

Is « pragmatically » intended or is it actually supposed to say « to **programmatically** declare »?

}
```

This will send Ctrl+C if you hit Z and C, and Ctrl+V if you hit X and V. But you could change this to do stuff like play sounds or change settings.

# Advanced Configuration
These configuration settings can be set in your `config.h` file.

> ## Keycodes

Reviewer: I feel like it can be kind of confusing to place the “Keycodes” subsection within the “Advanced Configuration” since it is said that “[all the below] configuration settings can be set in your `config.h` file.” Now, I know you've mentioned putting those keycodes in `keymap.c` but that contradicts with what's said in the beginning of this section. My suggestion would thus be to move the “Keycodes” subsection out of the “Advanced Configuration” section.

> You can enable, disable and toggle the Combo feature on the fly. This is useful if you need to disable them temporarily, such as for a game. The following keycodes are avalible for use in your `keymap.c`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable, disable and toggle the Combo feature on the fly. This is useful if you need to disable them temporarily, such as for a game. The following keycodes are available for use in your `keymap.c`
```

|Keycode   |Description                      |
|----------|---------------------------------|
|`CMB_ON`  |Turns on Combo feature           |
|`CMB_OFF` |Turns off Combo feature          |
|`CMB_TOG` |Toggles Combo feature on and off |

## Combo Term

> By default, the timeout for the Combos to be recognized is set to 50ms. This can be changed if accidental combo misfires are happening or if you're having difficulties pressing keys at the same time. For instance `#define COMBO_TERM 40` would set the time out period for combos to 40ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the timeout for the Combos to be recognized is set to 50ms. This can be changed if accidental combo misfires are happening or if you're having difficulties pressing keys at the same time. For instance, `#define COMBO_TERM 40` would set the timeout period for combos to 40ms.
```
Missing comma after “For instance”. You also sometimes write “timeout” and sometimes "time out”. It would be best to stick to one spelling. The QMK docs use “timeout” everywhere else so I'd suggest sticking to that.

## Long Combos
If you're using long combos, or you have a lot of overlapping combos, you may run into issues with this, as the structure may not be large enough to accommodate what you're doing. In this case, you can configure the size of the data structure used. Be aware, larger combo sizes will increase memory usage!

| Keys | Define to be set     |
|------|----------------------|
| 8    | QMK Default          |
| 16   | `#define EXTRA_LONG_COMBOS`  |
| 32   | `#define EXTRA_EXTRA_LONG_COMBOS`|

## Modifier Combos

> If a combo resolves to a Modifier, the window for processing the combo can be extended independent from normal combos. By default this is disabled but can be enabled with `#define COMBO_MUST_HOLD_MODS`, and the time window can be configured with `#define COMBO_MOD_TERM 150` (default: 200). With `COMBO_MUST_HOLD_MODS` you cannot tap the combo any more which makes the combo less prone to misfires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a combo resolves to a Modifier, the window for processing the combo can be extended independently from normal combos. By default, this is disabled but can be enabled with `#define COMBO_MUST_HOLD_MODS`, and the time window can be configured with `#define COMBO_MOD_TERM 150` (default: 200). With `COMBO_MUST_HOLD_MODS`, you cannot tap the combo any more which makes the combo less prone to misfires.
```

## Per Combo Timing and Holding

> Instead of using a blanket `COMBO_TERM` window for every combo, per-combo timings can be set. In order to use this feature the following config options and functions need to be defined. Coming up with useful timings and configuration is left as an exercise for the reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of using a blanket `COMBO_TERM` window for every combo, per-combo timings can be set. In order to use this feature, the following configuration options and functions need to be defined. Coming up with useful timings and configuration is left as an exercise for the reader.
```

| Config Flag                 | Function                                                  | Description                                                                                          |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `COMBO_MUST_HOLD_PER_COMBO` | bool get_combo_must_hold(uint16_t index, combo_t \*combo) | Controls if a given combo should fire immediately on tap or if it needs to be held. (default: False) |
| `COMBO_TERM_PER_COMBO`      | uint16_t get_combo_term(uint16_t index, combo_t \*combo)  | Optional per-combo timeout window. (default: COMBO_TERM)                                             |

If you set either of these options but would like to keep the Modifier Combo settings, you have to define those yourself in the function.

Examples:
```c
uint16_t get_combo_term(uint16_t index, combo_t *combo) {
    // decide by combo->keycode

>     if (KEYCODE_IS_MOD(combo->keycode)) return COMBO_MOD_TERM; // you have to config this yourself if you're using COMBO_TERM_PER_COMBO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if (KEYCODE_IS_MOD(combo->keycode)) {
        // you have to config this yourself if you're using COMBO_TERM_PER_COMBO
        return COMBO_MOD_TERM;
    }
```
Putting it all on one line makes it too long and forces (most of) the reader(s) to scroll horizontally to be able to read it all.

    switch (combo->keycode) {
        case KC_X:
            return 50;
    }

    // or with combo index, i.e. its name from enum.
    switch (index) {
        case COMBO_NAME_HERE:
            return 9001;
    }

    // And if you're feeling adventurous, you can even decide by the keys in the chord,
    // i.e. the exact array of keys you defined for the combo.

>     // This can be useful if your combos have a common key and you wan't to apply the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // This can be useful if your combos have a common key and you want to apply the
```

    // same combo term for all of them.
    if (combo->keys[0] == KC_ENTER) { // if first key in the array is KC_ENTER
        return 150;
    }

    return COMBO_TERM;
}

bool get_combo_must_hold(uint16_t index, combo_t *combo) {

>     // yet again, with keycode and true for Modifiers if so desired.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean by “with keycode and true for Modifiers”

    if (KEYCODE_IS_MOD(combo->keycode)) return true;

    // or index/name
    switch (index) {
        case COMBO_NAME_HERE:
            return true;
    }

    return false;
}
```

## Variable Length Combos

> If you leave `COMBO_COUNT` undefined in `config.h`, it allows you to programmatically declare the size of the Combo data structure and avoid updating COMBO_COUNT. Instead a variable called `COMBO_LEN` has to be set. It can be set with something similar to the following in `keymap.c`: `uint16_t COMBO_LEN = sizeof(key_combos) / sizeof(key_combos[0]);` or by adding `COMBO_LENGTH` as the *last* entry in the combo enum and then `uint16_t COMBO_LEN = COMBO_LENGTH;` as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you leave `COMBO_COUNT` undefined in `config.h`, it allows you to programmatically declare the size of the Combo data structure and avoid updating `COMBO_COUNT`. Instead a variable called `COMBO_LEN` has to be set. It can be set with something similar to the following in `keymap.c`: `uint16_t COMBO_LEN = sizeof(key_combos) / sizeof(key_combos[0]);` or by adding `COMBO_LENGTH` as the *last* entry in the combo enum and then `uint16_t COMBO_LEN = COMBO_LENGTH;` as such:
```

```c
enum myCombos {
    ...,
    COMBO_LENGTH
};
uint16_t COMBO_LEN = COMBO_LENGTH;
```
Regardless of the method used to declare `COMBO_LEN`, this also requires to convert the `combo_t key_combos[COMBO_COUNT] = {...};` line to `combo_t key_combos[] = {...};`.

## Combo timer

> Normally the timer is started on the first key press and then reset on every subsequent key press inside `COMBO_TERM`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, the timer is started on the first key press and then reset on every subsequent key press within `COMBO_TERM`.
```

> Inputting combos is relaxed like this, but also slightly more prone for accidental misfires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inputting combos is relaxed like this, but also slightly more prone to accidental misfires.
```

The next two options alter the behaviour of the timer.

### `#define COMBO_STRICT_TIMER`

> With `COMBO_STRICT_TIMER` the timer is started only on the first key press.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `COMBO_STRICT_TIMER`, the timer is started only on the first key press.
```

> Inputting combos is now less relaxed; you need make sure the full chord is pressed inside `COMBO_TERM`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inputting combos is now less relaxed; you need to make sure the full chord is pressed within `COMBO_TERM`.
```

Misfires are less common but if you type multiple combos fast, there is a
chance that the latter ones might not activate properly.

### `#define COMBO_NO_TIMER`

> By defining `COMBO_NO_TIMER` the timer is disabled completely and combos are activated on the first key release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By defining `COMBO_NO_TIMER`, the timer is disabled completely and combos are activated on the first key release.
```

You can also release a combo early by returning `true` from the function.

Here's an example where a combo resolves to two modifiers, and on key releases the modifiers are unregistered one by one, depending on which key was released.

```c
enum combos {
  AB_MODS,
  COMBO_LENGTH
};
uint16_t COMBO_LEN = COMBO_LENGTH;

const uint16_t PROGMEM ab_combo[] = {KC_A, KC_B, COMBO_END};

combo_t key_combos[] = {
  [AB_MODS] = COMBO(ab_combo, LCTL(KC_LSFT)),
};

bool process_combo_key_release(uint16_t combo_index, combo_t *combo, uint8_t key_index, uint16_t keycode) {
    switch (combo_index) {
        case AB_MODS:
            switch(keycode) {
                case KC_A:
                    unregister_mods(MOD_MASK_CTRL);
                    break;
                case KC_B:
                    unregister_mods(MOD_MASK_SHIFT);
                    break;
            }
            return false; // do not release combo
    }
    return false;
}
```
## Layer independent combos

> If you, for example, use multiple layers for different key layouts, one for QWERTY, another for Colemac, you might want your combos to work from the same key positions on all layers. Defining the same combos again for another layout is redundant and takes more memory. The solution is to just check the keycodes from one layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you, for example, use multiple base layers for different key layouts, one for QWERTY, and another one for Colemak, you might want your combos to work from the same key positions on all layers. Defining the same combos again for another layout is redundant and takes more memory. The solution is to just check the keycodes from one layer.
```

}
```

## Variable Length Combos

> If you leave `COMBO_COUNT` undefined in `config.h`, it allows the you to programmatically declare the size of the Combo data structure and avoid updating COMBO_COUNT. Instead a variable called `COMBO_LEN` has to be set. It can be set with something similar to the following in `keymap.c`: `uint16_t COMBO_LEN = sizeof(key_combos) / sizeof(key_combos[0]);` or by adding `COMBO_LENGTH` as the *last* entry in the combo enum and then `uint16_t COMBO_LEN = COMBO_LENGTH;` as such:

Reviewer: > it allows the you to programmatically

either stick with the old "the user" or remove the superfluous "the" in front of "you"

| `combo_disable()`    | Disables the combo feature, and clears the combo buffer |
| `combo_toggle()`     | Toggles the state of the combo feature                  |
| `is_combo_enabled()` | Returns the status of the combo feature state (true or false) |

#### Dictionary Management

> Combos can be augmented by the [Combo Engine](http://combos.gboards.ca/) to allow for easier configuration and multifile dictionaries. When a large number of Combos are present, these decorators allow for simpler management and definition of Combos. With single line combo definitions and various helpers consider using this when over 20 combos are present on a keyboard. Under the hood, the Combo Feature is used and all the above configuration will work with it.

Reviewer: « [....] these decorators allow for simpler management and definition of Combos. With single line combo definitions and various helpers consider using this when [...] » → « [...] these decorators allow for simpler management and definition of Combos with single line combo definitions and various helpers. Consider using this when [...] »

| `combo_disable()`    | Disables the combo feature, and clears the combo buffer |
| `combo_toggle()`     | Toggles the state of the combo feature                  |
| `is_combo_enabled()` | Returns the status of the combo feature state (true or false) |

# Dictionary Management

Having 3 places to update when adding new combos or altering old ones does become cumbersome when you have a lot of combos. We can alleviate this with some magic! ... If you consider C macros magic.

> First you need to add `VPATH += keyboards/gboards` to your `rules.mk`. Then include the file `keymap_combo.h` in your `keymap.c`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to add `VPATH += keyboards/gboards` to your `rules.mk`. Next, include the file `keymap_combo.h` in your `keymap.c`.
```

> Then write your combos in `combos.def` file in the following manner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, write your combos in `combos.def` file in the following manner:
```

```c
//   name     result    chord keys
COMB(AB_ESC,  KC_ESC,   KC_A, KC_B)
COMB(JK_TAB,  KC_TAB,   KC_J, KC_K)
COMB(JKL_SPC, KC_SPC,   KC_J, KC_K, KC_L)
COMB(ZC_COPY, KC_NO,    KC_Z, KC_C) // using KC_NO as the resulting keycode is the same as COMBO_ACTION before.
...
```

> Now you can update just one place to add or alter combos. And you don't even need to think about updating the `COMBO_COUNT` or the `COMBO_LEN` variable at all. Everything is taken care of. Magic!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can update only one place to add or alter combos. You don't even need to remember to update the `COMBO_COUNT` or the `COMBO_LEN` variables at all. Everything is taken care of. Magic!
```

| `combo_disable()`    | Disables the combo feature, and clears the combo buffer |
| `combo_toggle()`     | Toggles the state of the combo feature                  |
| `is_combo_enabled()` | Returns the status of the combo feature state (true or false) |

# Dictionary Management

Having 3 places to update when adding new combos or altering old ones does become cumbersome when you have a lot of combos. We can alleviate this with some magic! ... If you consider C macros magic.
First, you need to add `VPATH += keyboards/gboards` to your `rules.mk`. Next, include the file `g/keymap_combo.h` in your `keymap.c`.

> !> This functionality uses the same `process_combo_event` function as `COMBO_ACTION` macros do, so you cannot use the function yourself in your keymap. Instead you have to define the `swith` statement's `case`s by themselves within `inject.h`, which `g/keymap_combo.h` then will include into the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> This functionality uses the same `process_combo_event` function as `COMBO_ACTION` macros do, so you cannot use the function yourself in your keymap. Instead, you have to define the `case`s of the `switch` statement by themselves within `inject.h`, which `g/keymap_combo.h` will then include into the function.
```
